# Lonely Frame #

## About ##

While _Lonely Frame_ might be something of a vague name, the concept is
surprisingly solid, with plenty of room for expansion.

Basically, _Lonely Frame_ is a doujin game, or will be, with a nice plot and a
few story choices, but with an innovative (I hope) 'minigame' that stems off
of a few sorts of real-time strategy games, and implements a micro-level
equipment-management detail into something like chess.

## ...huh? ##

When I say 'equipment', I mean something like a part of a whole. The 'Frame's
referred to in the game are actually brain-powered mecha, clones of Dr.
Marchild's first and only daughter Anna. These mecha are highly advanced, but
a concept that I wish to convey is the reliance on melee attacks only, for
reasons that will be divulged in the storyline of the game itself. To sum the
reason up, though, the invading alien forces have technology--really
high-level technology--that can block projectile weapons, as they feel that
using projectile weapons is somehow 'dishonorable'. Swords, axes, or otherwise
handheld implements of doom are fine, though.

So, the idea is that each frame start with a workable set of equipment, that
allows them certain kinds of actions. The reason the game is like a game of
chess is that these actions more-or-less relate to the kinds of actions you
would see on a chess board, as the gameplay area itself is a 9x9 grid of
spaces. The player will always[1] have thirteen pieces, and will be allowed to
place them before the battle starts. These pieces all have certain sets of
equipment by default, although the player can supply them with other sets, if
they so please.

After placing the pieces, the game begins. One of the real tricks to this
game, though, and the reason why the game is somewhat related to a real-time
strategy game, is that the peices may, and most of the time will, move at the
same time, according to a sort of initiative bar.
